so you guys looking to do some cool
wedding albums with like hardly any work
well guess what we got a solution for
your hair with jb silly from Sallee
solution hey JB hey don't good so tell
me you guys have a outta mated wedding
album system you got some cool waxes
what's going on with you guys right now
we're selling for different products
they got our authentic designer albums
are edgy actions are European grunge and
our 10 best items from 2006-2007 for
inspiration we're all still 24 city tour
this summer and given out some free
t-shirts so just trying to show what we
have and hope people like it same with
some time so tell me about the automatic
wedding album gig this is pretty cool
where you can just what drop images and
go exactly so basically you open up six
inches in Photoshop pick your favorite
template and then you're going to double
click on the key and it builds
everything for you the gradients the
strokes the lines and lines everything
up the the clusters all that stuff it
does for you so it's very fast what it's
all done I can just take this file and
set it off the lab you got it exactly
that's pretty cool talk about the action
too because you got some really cool
actions doctor well the actions are it's
basically 25 actions of how we touch
upper images make them you know with
that silly edgy pop that we like so much
that people know is for and we got 25 of
those secrets EP a--'s grainy actions
just things like that all sorts of
different actions Wow pretty cool so
let's talk about two tours going on once
a huge one like a five hour class deal
second dare you have a couple multi-day
gigs going on let's talk about your tour
24 city tours we're starting out in
houston texas and going all way through
california all the way back around to
oklahoma city and then we're going to do
three two day seminars for weddings in
Dallas San Francisco and back in dallas
in july august and october jb where do i
find more information about the tours
the actions the wedding mountain
software everything sleeves up to you
can find everything in i shoot people
tour com every cool man products
everything you need to know great thanks
JV right thanks